# MobileArchitect-Programming
Portfolio
# Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?
  The requirements and goals for this application are simple but very helpful. The application needs to create, edit, and delete events for the user. This must also include the ability to recieve SMS messages about upcoming events and the changes to those events. This addresses the needs of the user who has been unable to manage the events in their lives or needs a better system to place the events in. This includes profressionals, students, and all those who live a busy life.
# What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?
  The applicaiton includes a few screens that support the user's needs a produce a user-centers UI for the app. The home page asks for permission to send SMS messages to the user which they can allow or deny with no interuption in the use of the app. The login page allows the user to provide credentials they will use to log into the app. The user has a busy life and needs this application to manage their lives so the UI in simple, easy to use, and very self explanatory to provide the user with an easy transition to mobile event tracking.
# How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those techniques or strategies be applied in the future?
  I approached the process of coding the app in a modular and compenent-based way. I organized the code into seperate java class files and xml layout files to allow for a compartimentilized code base that could be easily debugged.
# How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important, and what did it reveal?
  The application was testing extensively through the Android emulator. The emulator allowed me to run the application of different Android devices and see the process of functionality. There were times when I ran the code and there was an error and the application crashed or it did not store the credentials in the database.
# Consider the full app design and development process from initial planning to finalization. Where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?
  During the creation of the application I do not think I innovated to overcome a challenge. All the challenges that I faced in the development of this application were resolved using the steps that were shown to me through the class and through documentation on Android Studio and Java coding.
# In what specific component of your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?
  In the development of the mobile app I feel that my experience and skills in debugging were very helpful and I feel as if I was particulary successful in using those skills and bettering the application.
